## Metadata

- What am I trying to convey?  What's my message?
- What's my tense?
- Am I speaking as my current self or my past self?
- Who is my audience?  I am.  

Why do I feel so strongly about on-time arrivals?  Walk through a past memory to help people understand your story.  

#### Things to remember

- Hook your reader from the first sentence
- Always move the story forward
- End strong, possibly with a quote
- Focus on your topic--don't digress. 

# Enter Title Here

### Intro

My friends can never fathom why it's a big deal for me to show up on time to events. My wife and I are the couple who show up to a party on time--AKA before the hosts have jumped into the shower.

Why am I obsessed with prompt arrival?  I think I can pinpoint it to an exact moment in my past.

When I was in elementary school between the 1st and 3rd grades, I remember one of my close friends having her birthday party at a local McDonalds.  The McDonalds was about 2 miles from my house and my late uncle--who suffered from XYZ (Ask mom about this)--was my ride there. He didn't have a driver's license because of his medical history, so we were treking there on the bus.  

I can't remember how I felt before I got onto the bus ride to McDonalds.  Was I upset because my uncle Luis was in no rush to get out of the house?  Was I upset because the bus took too long to arrive, or was I excited and anxious to join the birthday party?

I do remember, however, what it was like as soon as we walked into McDonalds.  All of the games were scattered across the floor from the kids playing earlier.  My friends saw me and came to say hi, and one of my closest friends, Miguel, came up and teased me about how I must've only shown up for the food.

It was one of the saddest things a kid can experience--missing out on all the birthday games right before enjoying McDonalds.  I presume we were only there for a short time since the party was wrapping up.

Ever since that day I've made it a priority to show up on time when I'm invited.  It's not your fault if your hosts aren't prepared for people actually arriving at that time, and you shouldn't let that deter you from arriving on time next time.  By the way, promptness is not a bad attribute to have. 
